Welcome everyone to our first commodity panel and my first moderating role. The name of our panel today is Inside the Commodity Markets, Power, Metals and Investment Strategies for 2025. My name is Cynthia Ginsburg and I'm head of metals here at Marix. We are joined today by a dynamic group. We have one analyst, we have one market maker and three very different managers. Each of our panelists brings a unique perspective on how they are viewing and navigating these markets. Just so you know, their full bios are available in your email reminders that we have been sending to you. We don't want to take the time to do the full bio and we want to leave all of the time for our overview and our managers. We are excited to dive right into the conversation and we really want to thank both our panelists for coming today to talk about your strategies and your firms and yourselves and what you are seeing in the marketplace. And we also really very much want to thank the audience for taking the time to be here with us today. Before we introduce our panelists, just two housekeeping quick notes. The session is being recorded and will be available for replay. And secondly, we very much encourage you to ask questions throughout. Please drop them in the Q&A panel and in the chat box and we will leave time at the very end of our session to answer as many as we can get through. Okay, so let's get started. I want to introduce everyone just very briefly. We have Laura Hunt, who is our co-head of power trading here at Marix. We have Ed Meir, senior-based metals analyst here also at Marix. We have our managers, our three managers, Matt Pizzelli, founder and chief investment officer of TerraPlane, Kurt Nelson, CEO and founding partner of Summerhaven Investment Management. And lastly, but not least, Matt Zabloski, founder and chief investment officer of Delbrook Capital Advisors. So I'm going to welcome, I'd like to welcome Laura right now to talk to us about what she's seeing in the power markets. Thank you, Cynthia. And thank you all for joining us here today. I'm going to make a few brief comments on the U.S. power markets from my vantage point here at Marix. So I thought it might make sense to start with a brief recap of summer 2025, given that power is such a weather-sensitive market. So as most of you in the East might recall, the end of June and July were very warm. In fact, July 29th hit an all-time record for U.S. power consumption. However, this was followed up by a fairly mild August and first half of September. Across the southern tier, the summer was a bit of a bust, especially in Texas, which had very few triple-degree heat days compared to recent summers. Where we are seasonally now in the curve is shoulder season. So it's quite hard to have extreme cooling or heating demand. But aspects of the market, such as planned maintenance outages of generation and transmission, come a bit more to the forefront. But the really exciting part of the power curve, in my opinion, is the medium to longer term. Now, why is that? Well, after a couple decades of fairly anemic demand growth nationally of about flat year on year to a half a percent, we're now in this new era of very robust demand growth. So for the past couple of years, and expected out at least the next decade, on a national basis, we're expecting at least 2 percent a year, upwards of 3 percent nationally of demand growth. And within there, there's some regional breakouts. So, for example, ERCOT is forecasting year on year peak demand growth of over 13 percent between now and 2031. So that's a peak demand of about 85 gigs now going up all the way to 145 gigs. So what is driving these robust demand forecast numbers? Well, a lion's share of that can be attributed to data centers. So, for example, 30 gigawatts of the 32 gigawatts of expected load growth in PJM can be attributed to data centers. Other factors include increasing electrification of building and transportation, as well as industrial growth. So when hearing these really robust demand forecasts, one might expect that the term structure of the U.S. power markets is in very steep contango. Well, that isn't exactly the case. So, for example, in PJM West around the clock, Cal 2030 is only about $2.50 premium to Cal 2026 or less than 5 percent of the underlying. In Texas, in ERCOT North Hub, that relationship between Cal 2030 and Cal 26 is roughly flat. And in New York and NEPOOL, Cal 30 is actually several dollars discounted to 2026. So why might that be or what might be driving some of that disconnect? Well, I think we should now take a look at the supply side of the equation. So there will be a massive build out of natural gas-fired combined cycle to meet this growing demand. However, the development cycle on a pre-built basis for plants such as that is about five to six years. So in the meantime, there's many other approaches that are being taken to meet this demand. So, for example, solar plus battery energy storage systems have a much shorter development cycle. Existing assets are being upgraded. There's been a repowering of previously shuttered nuclear plants. So, for example, Palisades in Michigan, Three Mile Island in Pennsylvania, and Duane Arnold in Iowa. And there's also going to be a lot of brownfield development on previous coal sites to take advantage of the existing transmission and distribution. So, for example, Homer City in Pennsylvania used to be the state's largest coal plant. Well, in a few years, it's going to be the nation's largest natural gas facility with a co-located data center. Other things that might make a dent, but which also have a bit of a longer lead time, are new technologies such as nuclear, small modular reactors, longer duration battery storage, geothermal, and the potential that computer processing chips become much more energy efficient over time. I'd like to now quickly pivot to talk about the political and regulatory backdrop for U.S. power. So on a national level, I think it's fair to say that this current administration is more anti-renewables than the previous administration, which was quite pro-renewable development. I think two major ways we're seeing that is through the big beautiful bill, which effectively sunsets tax credits for renewables, which were enshrined in the IRA, as well as the recent stop work order on Revolution Wind, which is an offshore wind site off the waters of Connecticut and Rhode Island. Despite being roughly 80 percent complete, it's now stopping continued work. And that may have ramifications for other offshore wind development sites across the country. On a slightly more regional basis or ISO basis, PJM is really at the forefront of this potential collision course between reliability and affordability. This was really highlighted to me when I was watching the New York Giants season opener, which did not go well, but both New Jersey gubernatorial candidates had as part of their 30-second ads talking about addressing rising consumer utility bills. And I think even the word moratorium came up on bills. So ways PJM is looking to address that are capacity marker reform, as well as interconnection request queue reform. In the Northeast, a fairly big catalyst that's upcoming is both New York and Newpool have material transmission projects that are due to come online in the middle of next year, which each should carry about 1.2 gigs of clean, cheap hydro power from Canada to their respective service areas. So in short, I think it's a very electrifying time to be involved in the U.S. power markets. I feel very fortunate to have a front row seat here at Marix, and I look forward to helping our customers navigate this potential new paradigm shift. So with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Cynthia. Thank you so much. That was really very insightful and very electrifying. So thank you very much, Laura. We want to talk now, we want to move on to our esteemed analyst, Edward Meir. And he's going to give, just as Laura gave an overview about the power markets, he's going to be giving a thoughtful overview of the metals markets. Yes, thank you very much. Thank you very much, Cynthia, for that introduction. Greetings, everybody. I hope soon we have the pleasure of meeting you all individually. I've been following the base metal space for about 35 years, both on the physical side and on the future side. And really, the changes that have been going on are really quite incredible. You know, for the first half of my career, most of the focus, at least the last 20, 25 years, I would say most of the focus in metals, in terms of the prime price drivers, was very much on China. You know, China consumed anywhere between 20 to 50 percent of the base metals that we follow. So in a way, I was following the Chinese macro story much more closely than even the U.S. macro story. All that has shifted. Interestingly, the last five years, the macro data out of China has been really pretty poor, as you know. And yet metals prices have held up. And that was really a surprise to me at first until I realized that, you know, there's a new replacement coming into the metals space that has, in effect, substituted for all the demand that we lost from China's real estate sector. And of course, this is AI, the green energy sector, EVs, charging stations, transmission, all of these new technologies are, in effect, replacing the old technologies, which was real estate. And this has really scrambled the whole metals dynamic and has made price forecasting even more difficult. On top of that, we have a situation where mines and mining output are being constrained by very activist governments. A

and using that to tailor our approach to the environment as it changes. So you're basically saying you're looking for the history of when you've seen this last, and you are managing your flows accordingly on your trading to kind of match where you see we are right now in history. Correct. Okay. And not just pulling like 100 years of data is what you're saying. Well, you need the 100, but you only need to pull 5. 5. Got it. Great. Thank you. So I want to ask a little bit about the idea of super cycle, right? I want to ask about the idea of, you know, is there a super cycle right now? Is super cycle in commodities even a thing? Does anybody want to jump in on that? I know that Kurt had some thoughts about that, maybe Matt. I'm happy to maybe kick this discussion off. I think it's interesting. You know, for a long time, we kind of poo-pooed the idea because it was really poorly defined. It was talked about in the press as if it was a given. Everyone knows what that means. And I often would say, well, what does it mean? What do we mean by super cycle? You know, we're students of financial history, you know, and we're very data oriented. We're empiricists. And you can see in the historical wall behind me in my conference room that we, you know, we have a passion for the history of commodities and it's rich. You know, commodities are not new. They've been in civilization for millennia. They've been used as money, as tools. And as futures, they've traded since the 1870s globally. And we've collected futures data all the way back for all the relevant, you know, commodity futures that traded globally back to 150 years, which is a very unique, powerful data set to examine. So the way we tackled this was, you know, because it's a thread that people talk about, investors talk about, and they want to understand, we thought, let's look. And we went back to 1900. Were there any periods where commodities went up a lot for a long period of time? And in fact, we did find some. We found five periods starting in 1900. The most two recent ones were stagflation in the 70s. And then from kind of 1999 to about 2008 to the financial crisis. But there were five different periods. They averaged about 10 years. So 10 years out of 120, that's a pretty meaningful portion of the time that commodities were kind of ripping for a long period of time, year over year for almost a decade. So to put in terms of scale, you know, the risk premium to commodities above the risk-free rate was almost 20% a year during those super cycles. And if you looked at traditional assets like stocks and bonds, stocks were much lower than their normal average. It was more like 4% per year. And bonds were actually zero. So if you're diversified into stocks and bonds during one of these unfortunate periods for those investors, you know, you were kind of getting zero. You were getting the risk and the volatility, but almost very little return. And commodities really did well during those periods. They tended to be periods of inflation, you know, rising inflation, not necessarily stagflation. But we can learn from the 70s as a period if we are entering stagflation when that happens. So we no longer sort of pretend like these things don't exist. We actually think there might be something to them. And it has to do with what has been talked about on this webinar already. It's that commodities are not fiat instruments, right? They're physical commodity futures that require supply and demand equilibrium. And they have to be extracted, mined, refined, grown, and they're consumed, so you have to replenish. So that's different than currencies, stocks, you know, rates. You can't just print them. And so I think that these periods of undersupply, increasing demand, can create an imbalance that lasts four years. We know that high prices cure high prices, so eventually these things revert and they turn around. But there is a meaningful amount of time in history when commodities are on a steady upward trajectory above and beyond other financial assets. Perfect. While you're talking about that, I'm thinking about how long it takes for a mine to come on, right? You can't just flip the switch, right? And I think that's probably part of why these cycles can last for so long. There's an underdevelopment and then the demand picks up. And then in order to meet that demand, it can take 10 years. It's going to take longer to get all of that supply up and running. So thank you for that reminder. Matt, I know you had Matt Pizzelli. He left. No, I'm good. Hi. Thank you. You had some ideas right on the super cycle or whether there was such a thing. Well, I mean, if you think about it, if all commodities are rising in concert, it's because they're rising relative to currency. Commodities generally will have supply and demand, and they will go up and down. I would argue that the 99 to a rare period was more driven by the excess demand of China really going from a developing world country to a developed world country. Whereas many of the other past events where you've seen commodity prices rising, it's because fiat currency itself was effectively getting debased. And typically, you see that on the back of very high, effectively, government debt levels. You've seen that in the 1800s in Britain. We saw it again in the 70s after the kind of excess debt from the World Wars. And so it's an idea that commodities themselves in terms of buying them over time is difficult because they don't have carry. And so they present a lot of alpha trading opportunities. Commodity markets will often pay you for providing liquidity premium, particularly in the future markets. But what they will not do is offer you a carry for holding, and that's why you need to be judicious in how and when you hold them. With that being said, when you have rising interest rates, interest rates are effectively a place to hide for that five or 10-year period where you can get capital appreciation and basically not lose on bonds, which are losing because you have rates increasing or equities, which tend to struggle in those same environments. So they do provide that diversified factor during those times. But yeah, in terms of super cycles generally, they would happen one of two reasons. It's because, A, the fiat currency gets debased, which is typically because of sovereign debt levels, or, two, there's some kind of thing happening in the world like China becoming a developed world economy, which tends to happen once. You might take that view of AI. I definitively do not. But that's something that could happen and would require immense amounts of raw materials and thereby increase kind of base level demand generally that would increase prices across the entire spectrum of things that we trade. And you have to remember that these things range from petroleum to livestock to metals to grains. And they're kind of the whole host of things that we typically don't think about every day but we're buying every day because they're inputs to everything that we do. And so it's that kind of base level increase in either demand or decrease in the value of the things that they're priced against that can cause no super cycles. Perfect. I know you made a comment about AI that we're going to follow up on because I think that's going to be interesting. I want to go back to Matt. Thank you for that, Matt Pizzelli. I want to go back to Matt Zablonski. Since we're talking about super cycles and commodities, commodity flows, I wanted to follow up with you and I was wondering what your view was. How much of today's commodity price moves do you feel are driven by the fundamentals that we've been talking about or by flows and momentum? Look, obviously the mixture of the two in the short term is obviously speculation in the market at any given time. But back to the comment on the super cycle and how it's playing out now fundamentally, I think what we're seeing specific to metals in particular right now, we had this super cycle back with the Chinese growth engine. And during that timeframe in the universe that we cover, which is generally on the equity, the producers of commodities, we saw a lot of very poor capital allocation decisions being made. Companies building mines that were of marginal economics on the assumption that this super cycle, which by the way is a bad word in our office. We don't like it. But that this super cycle would continue and drive commodity prices higher in perpetuity. I think what happened during that super cycle was poor capital allocation decisions were made. Mines were built. And the market ended up, as it does, correcting. And the sunk capital of these mines, there they were, subpar economics and we basically were put into a supply side scenario where we had excess supply for a decade as we depleted these mines and paid the price for the poor decisions that were made. I think what we're seeing now is the exact opposite. We haven't invested in extraction in a decade in any meaningful amount. And we're now paying for that as those mines have depleted and we're now forced to come to grip on the supply side, not being able to meet in certain situations the demand. You combine that with some of the larger scale policy decisions made in Western economies where it's now, our research indicates anywhere from 12 to 14 years to bring a new mine onto production from discovery. And the supply side reaction is not going to be able to meet things like AI in an efficient manner. And that is going to have midterm pricing pressure on certain commodities. Now, obviously, and every panelist should agree on this, every commodity is not created the same. But I think just to summarize, what we're seeing now on the fundamentals is basically paying the piper for a lack of

similar measure adjustment of wheat prices over very long periods of time, we're effectively at the wheat price floor right now. And I think that's true across many of the commodity markets. I mean, oil at 60 right now is not oil at 60 back in 2015. It's oil at 35 or 40 in 2015. And so we're looking at a commodity pricing environment that is optically looks about where it's been, but it's actually quite a bit lower on all inflation adjusted prices. So really, I think the underappreciated point is that we are really quite low in commodity prices generally at this point in time, when you look at them in the context of multiple decades of inflation adjustment. Okay, so that sort of goes back to Albert's point, doesn't it? Very similar, interesting. This is lightning round. So we have to be lightning. You know me too well. You know I like to talk. I will echo what Matt said and maybe broaden it a little bit to just agricultural commodities in general. You know, we've had a century where, you know, in general, corn and soybeans and wheat have been, we've had more arable land, irrigation, you know, genetic modification of crops, you know, addition of fertilizer, you know, equipment. You know, we have tractors run on GPS. So we've had this like better and better and better efficiency gains, which have generally kept price growth somewhat constrained. And I think we may be reaching a limit. And so I think agricultural commodities in general, they're different than, you know, metals and energy in the sense that we have to consume them as humans. We don't trade water as futures, but these other things are eaten. And look back to the Arab Spring, that was really caused because of a wheat shortage in certain countries that led to this popular uprising. So running out of things to eat, and I know that I'm going to be really grumpy if I can't get my coffee, some people, if it's cocoa and chocolate, you know, I might be guilty there too. So I think that's a really interesting underappreciated opportunity set in the commodity sectors. Terrific. Matt Z, thank you, Kurt. I think for me, sort of the most underappreciated risk right now is the rapid growth of nationalization of commodities and the impact that is having on supply chains that typically, you know, for centuries were global and were hell-bent on tearing these down in such a short timeframe and not really understanding the ramifications of that. I'll go one step further with, you know, the Chinese deciding to ban exports of certain critical metals and our reluctance in the Western hemisphere to appreciate the risk that has across a variety of different industries for us. So, you know, almost like the weaponization of the commodity landscape. I don't think that's fully appreciated from a supply-demand center. That's great. Very helpful answer. I appreciate that. I'll just add to that, if I may. I agree with Matt Z. I think one thing that is so different today is the geopolitical strains in the world. You know, in a way, the world was much safer and more stable during the Cold War because everybody was kind of in their lane. Right now, you're seeing so many fissures all over the world in terms of, you know, big power plays and big geopolitical movements. And then you superimpose on that this nationalism, that commodity nationalism that Matt Z was referring to, and then put on top of that the tariffs. It just makes the whole thing very, very unstable. And I think we're getting to some sort of a confrontation at some point, and that will just be something that nobody can predict in terms of a fallout. Thank you, Edward. I think we're all – I think it's unspoken, but I think we're all feeling that. So, okay, so we've completed our lightning round, and now we're going to take questions from our audience. Thank you, everybody, for submitting these questions. We're going to move back to Laura, our fantastic market maker here at Marix. How does AI impact your role as an electricity trader? Sure. So I think to echo what some of the other panelists said, like Matt and Kurt, we use it as a tool. So obviously we ingest a lot of weather data. It very much impacts the front end of the power curve, cash and spot markets. So two, three years ago, very little attention paid to AI. There's basically like three major weather models, an American model, a European model, and a Canadian model. But within the last two years, a lot of power traders and peers of mine have started paying a lot more attention to the AI weather models, and actually many of them prefer them. They seem to bias correct a lot better than the sort of conventional models. So that's one way that I use AI as a tool in my day-to-day, which is, you know, as a 12C forecaster populated around lunchtime, you know, comparing the conventional models to the AI models. It's also sort of linked power to a lot of equities in a way that I, you know, was very new in my 20 years trading power. So if one were to tell me that I really needed to pay a lot of attention at CapEx announcements from bank stocks or that a, you know, very efficient model coming out called Deep Seek was going to crush the back of the power curve, I mean, a few years ago these were not things at all on my radar or most other power traders, but it's really become interconnected with this thematic data center AI trend. So those are a couple ways that AI has really impacted my day-to-day as an electricity trader. Great. Thank you so much for that. Very, very interesting. You know, it kind of combines the, you know, kind of our conversation about AI, what is the noise, right, from the week from the traffic, and you're saying that there is now this model, right, that people are gravitating towards to predict the weather. Interesting. We're going to move back to our commodity or to our managers. A question from the audience, what role do you think the commodity strategy plays best for an allocator? So is it return generation, diversification, inflation hedge, or crisis alpha? Who wants to take that? I see nodding heads. Yeah, I mean, I could start. Okay, sure. We have this orthogonal alpha generators. We don't provide a meaningful correlation to commodities generally. With that being said, if there's more activity, which tends to happen during commodity bull markets, there's a greater opportunity set. But, you know, as a commodity pure alpha hedge fund, we really get to play in a space that is not equities or bonds, therefore not correlated to it, and then engage in alpha trading on top of that, which, again, is an uncorrelated activity. So that's kind of where we play, but there's an entire ecosystem. Kurt can probably touch on where, you know, Summerhaven can provide almost a different piece of the portfolio for what they do. Thanks, Matt. We think about all three of those things, Cynthia, and that they're sort of table stakes for a strategic allocation as opposed to tactical, because you can trade commodities in different ways. And a strategic asset allocation requires all three. You have to be able to get a positive risk premium, diversification from your other assets, and then maybe some type of macro diversifier or hedge. And on the first front, we would say, because we have the benefit of all this data going back a century and a half, we can draw a commodities for the long run line in the same way that Jeremy Siegel did with equities. And so if you look at the last century or century and a half, the sharp to equities is 0.4, risk-adjusted returns. Commodities are the same, ironically. They have a little less return and a little less vol when you're equally weighted and diversified. So without optimization, just a generic commodity beta. They have low correlation to stocks and bonds. And then when you look at the correlation to something like inflation, stocks and bonds have low annual horizon correlation with inflation. Bonds may be even a little negative if you're in any kind of duration. Whereas commodities, when you diversify and spread your bets, you get a factor like around 50% correlation with annual movements in inflation. So I think it kind of hits those numbers, and it's just underrepresented in portfolios. So I don't know what an individual investor's right allocation might be. It could be 5%, 10%, maybe more if you're diversifying into equity commodities and other things, and gold specifically. But I think it has to be something bigger than zero. Thank you, Kurt. Actually, just quickly while we're talking about this, how do you guys think about – I mean, obviously it would be great if it was 100%, but you had started talking about how much allocators should be allocating to these strategies. So I mean, I know you're saying it's not zero, depends on what are some of the other things that are in your portfolio, but what is your – I mean, across the board, what is your recommendation for sizing commodities within a diversified portfolio? If you run a raw portfolio optimization, it's like 15%. It's 15. Over many years, like over five decades, it'll shake out around there. Right now it's probably zero to three for most institutional investors. Three is probably high. You're saying that they have zero to three, and they should be – if they're looking at the models, the optimization should be 15. So they're up. Okay. Yeah, especially if you start to consider that private equity and venture are basically less liquid in one sense or higher beta versions of equity risk. And so there's an excess amount of concentration, but rightfully so because they've performed so well that essentially the asset appreciation of those assets over the last 15 years has put some of the allocations. We